Slowly
Elliott Weston Ball
2025
Copyright ©2025 Elliott Weston Ball. All Rights Reserved.


________________


Dedication
I dedicate this book to Delaney, who is sitting next to me, Boris, who is sitting across from me, and his cat who I’ve never met.


…


Okay I’ll be honest, mostly the cat.
________________


Disclaimer.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. The author and main character are separate yet similar people, all relations are fictitious. The love interest and friends of the main character and author are similar but have different names and the author has kept descriptions vague for their and the authors own privacy. All experiences are set as a possible future for the author but for legal reasons are not intended to take place at any time in the authors future. While the main character is nameless and the story is set in first person, the author and main character are distinct and separate people.
________________


I wash lunch dishes at the sink, the upbeat facade from work wearing off. Weekends are a rough shift but at least it’s only half the hours. Looking out the window at the fence, the visible tops of cars whizzing by, destined to hit some kid and going 10 over. From Silent Priuses rushing doordash, to rich kids with daddy's money driving back from a party in the new Range Rover, to straight-piped, bumper-less Nissans and Infinitis, speeding home from the night shift, there’s variety on the street.  I formulate a plan for my evening. After some modeling work on my ongoing CAD project, I go for a walk. My dog prancing ahead of me, we head to a little park by the boat storage. It’s a shame that the park is in such rough condition, with views of the lake and city, and no crowds, it’s a gem. I get home soon after, subsequently after eating, my dog falls asleep and I go and decide to try and relax. I load up minecraft and relax for a bit. 

        I glance at the clock two hours after ten forty-five is perfect. I grab my keys and head towards the state route ninety-nine. It's not the best route but there’s a truck stop southbound on interstate five that has e eighty-five where I can fill up and pull my plates. I usually stay off of the interstate but for one exit it’s not that bad. I head north a bit faster now, radio louder. With no plates, speed is a necessity, this interstate is usually swarming with cops. It’s around eleven fifty as I reach my first destination, I switch to track mode, open my exhaust valves, and check my gauges. Oil pressure isn’t looking too perfect but that’s expected for an Audi, especially with the abuse the previous owner put on my rs-four. I checked the radar scanner, no evidence. I put my foot down, I glide across lake washington, engine roaring. Nothing mattered in that moment, it all but the feeling of control faded refreshingly. 


After a long night of racing through the eastside parkways, I head home, taking a different route, going around the lake at the north, then heading down sand point way to the U district. Sun rising on the horizon reminds me of that day, I lost everything.


I’m stuck now, all because of a bird. I lost her, because of a goose. A goose that could have lived, An irreplaceable girl that could have lived. I remember her vividly, meeting sophomore year. We enjoyed an amazing summer, and I remember every payday putting money into a jar, promising I was going to take her somewhere. Labor day weekend, we had our chance. We boarded at SEA-TAC at ten-thirty am, landed two days later, tired after the twelve hour flight at one-thirty pm, at Kansai International Airport, Osaka, Japan. That trip was the best thing to ever happen to me. I had purchased the cheapest tickets both ways, yet still thousands of dollars, all for nothing. I reach home and get out, you’re able to pick out the stars through the smog sometimes. A goose family lost a member, and I lost Evelyn, because of pure chance.
        
The best days are Wednesdays, since elementary. In school the reason was clear, it was an early release. Now that’s been replaced. The animal shelter where I volunteer opens on wednesdays. New puppies every week.[1] I’ve been volunteering there since high school, originally a fix for service hours. I still enjoy it there. Today is Wednesday, I drive to work, the motion is habitual, mundane compared to the previous night. I listen quietly to the updates of the office, someone's wife did so and so, another went skiing. I sit down in the corner office. I start to plan out the draft for our next client, that’s my main job. First I sketch the plan, then I send the individual components to the specialists to inspect and modify, then I look over it one more time and it gets sent out along with a nice NFT merging our two logos in a creative way. I like this simple work, my dream is to open my own car company one day but this helps me get my foot in the door. We receive the crypto payment and it all starts over again. From seat motors that work with plush removable carpets for Porsche to active aero and spoilers for Sterratos we make sure it works, at least that’s what’s on the website. That’s it for now but we have plans to start designing purchasable pre-designed concepts to lead towards our own manufacturing. But I’m content for now, I have a good team, a steady job, and I like it halfway.


Thursdays, I’m bored. I take the scenic route to work, I leave early. 4:00, no plates, I have all the time in the world. Flashing lights behind tell me it’s time to slow down and exit the freeway. Usually they aren’t on the road at this hour but you never know what happens at night. Work goes as planned and I see my friend Noah after school. We changed paths around high school but it’s good to catch up now and again. He just got out of prison for dealing drugs to minors. I wasn’t surprised since he used to be one of those minors, always smelling like what he was smoking at school, and grounded half the time when his parents found out. He says it’s nice to see his girlfriend after getting out. Must be nice. I catch the bus home after a few too many drinks. I wake up glad I work virtually on fridays. I catch the bus back to my car and drive it home. 


The days whizz by and it’s already tuesday. I receive a call from my dad, panic in his voice. I think little of it while simultaneously fearing the worst. His health was fluctuating a few years ago but he’s doing better now, at least that’s what I thought, until he told me to pack my bags. He’s been diagnosed with cancer, stage four. I weigh my options. I can’t go, he’s across the ocean, my only option is flying. But it can’t be, no. Boats are slow, cars sink, there's no option. She wanted me to have the life I do, I can’t risk it. Whereas my father helped me from the ground up. I can’t avoid saying goodbye. I grab my duffel, carelessly stuffing a few days worth of summer clothes in it, a charger, some food, and that photo. The mistaken polaroid, shot the day before I lost her. I hesitate, but then remember the urgency. I hear my watch ticking, I rarely notice the sound yet it narrates the pace of everything, reminding me of her. She got me the watch for my 18th birthday. I call Noah, as I tell him the situation I face, tears start to rush out of my eyes as I fall onto the couch. I ask if he can watch my dog, for a bit and he understands. I tell him I’ll stop on my way and he says to just leave a key under the mat. I sit down with my laptop and book the soonest flight to Hawaii before stuffing that in my bag. My next call happens in the car, I call my firm, they can handle everything while I’m gone, I will try to work virtually but everything is uncertain. 


I arrive at the airport and the reality of the situation sets in. From TSA to gate to seat I struggle to keep a fake smile plastered. Dreading the possibility of concerning the elderly man at the counter with the tone of voice I use to respond. Even when they ask if I want to be upgraded to first class at the expense of being an hour late I carry on. I booked an aisle, back half of the plane. I sat at the gate on the verge of tears, grateful for the suspense yet pangs of urgency rushed me. Now we prepare for takeoff, normally I don’t think much of it. This time is different, last time was her last, would this one be mine. All for nothing, why did I do all that I did for her just to book her the wrong window seat. I read the safety information card frantically, studying it word for word. Fingers trembling as I examine the brace positions. Knees weakening as I study the exit locations. The weight of my arms increases as I locate the life jackets and emergency slides. I feel as if I’m going to vomit as the plane starts to taxi. I’m wearing a sweater my mom gifted me a year ago. I remember that day, We had spaghetti for dinner.[2] Will this be the last thing I wear, the sweater, baggy Carhartts, belt made of black webbing with a 3d printed seat belt style buckle, black beat-up Adidas superstars, a Spitfire wheels t-shirt, a few necklaces and that watch. I still faintly remember what she was wearing on her last day. From her old ripped E9 climbing pants, to the Seattle Mariners jersey she borrowed from me, to the sharpie-covered converse that she embroidered on the side of, the flannel she also borrowed and a necklace she’s had forever.

        Tonight the winds are strong and I tremble at the slightest turbulence. When the meal service comes I lack an appetite. Despite not eating since a late breakfast, the fear induced nausea conceals my hunger. I think of how my dad is doing right now, the feeling of making “pavement pizza” as he would say lightens a bit. I remember why I’m doing this. 1 hour remains on the flight and my stomach churns. I try to distract myself. First drawing, then reading, doom scrolling, CAD Modeling, Netflix, Youtube, Pinterest, Cookie Clicker. I cycle through the options. Block Blast, Spotify, Asphalt 9, Pokemon TCG: Pocket. Many failed attempts and one charmander later I landed. The relief is immense as soon as I step out the door of that Boeing 737. As I walk down the jetway I think of the statistics, 1 in 816,545,929, yet I’m never doing that again. No way I’m going to. I have no plan on where to go so I head towards the uber pickup while pulling out my phone. Halfway there I stop and change route toward the rental car shuttle instead. I remember Hertz having a deal on a Mustang GT that would cheer me up. After asking the desk for the fastest Mustang they have and signing a few more papers than normal I drive off into the sunset in a GT Dark Horse. I go at the speed of traffic down Queen Ka’ahumanu highway. 


I rush towards the ICU after the front desk tells me I arrived on time. I talk with my father late into the night, I notice him fading as I take notes. I can tell he waited for me. I tell him to sleep and we exchange words of love. I know it’s time. While I’m saddened greatly by the loss of my father I’m almost as proud as he was just for showing up. I head towards the nearest motel with a vacancy. I picked up a burrito from 7-11 on the way. I check in and get a room. I fall asleep quickly and wake up to a voicemail from the hospital, he’s gone. I drive to pick up his stuff and after checking out of the motel I head towards his house, I consider staying indefinitely but instead I choose to head back on the next cruise after I handle everything. I order a shipping container and spend the day packing what I want and loading his truck with what I don’t. After several trips to Goodwill and the local consignment store I sell the truck at Carmax. I take a Lyft back and return the rental Mustang. After a much more expensive lyft I arrive at the house to the sight of an empty shipping container, and I head to sleep. When I wake up I start packing. From photos to computers to a telescope. His camera, watches and documents. I go to a realtor and ask them to sell the house when I leave. Next I drove his Z4 to his funeral. After the amazing service with ashes in hand I sold his Z4 to one of his good friends. After getting driven back to the house I have one last lunch there, with him next to me I pack my bags up, drop the key at the realtor and go towards the port. I boarded the cruise and set off. After a few hours I walk out onto the deck and watch the sun fade away. I’m not happy per se, but very content. Life settles back into the routine.


The End.


Thank you for reading.


        




________________


Acknowledgements
Thank you to Ms. Richards for providing the space for this project in her class.


Footnotes: 
________________
[1] {note from author: one is in my lap as I type this}
[2] {note from author: yep I just did that, you probably hate me for that eminem reference}